[CF1] ip visibility update (#19354)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/dex/ip-visibility.mdx

- Troubleshooting firewall restrictions ("Firewall on VLAN 93 is blocking.")
- Resolving Layer 2 and DHCP related problems.
- Indirectly determining user identity and device location.

## View IP information

To view IP information for a user device:

1. Log in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. Select **Zero Trust** to go to the Zero Trust dashboard.
3. Select **My team** > **Devices**.
4. Select a device > **View details** > under **Details**, scroll down to **IP details**.
5. Review the IP details for your selected device's most recent session.

### View a device's IP history

DEX's IP visibility allows you to review an event log of a device's IP history for the last seven days. To view a device's IP history:

1. Log in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. Select **Zero Trust** to go to the Zero Trust dashboard.
3. Select **My team** > **Devices**.
4. Select a device > **View details** > under **Details**, scroll down to **IP details**.
5. Select **View device history**.
6. View the device's IP history and status from the last seven days.

> < Do we need to explain what is mode and status here? >

Reviewer: Maybe we say “WARP mode” and “connection status”?

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: IP visibility
sidebar:
  order: 7
---

DEX's IP visibility gives administrators insight into three different IP types per device:

1. **Device**: The private IP address of an end-user device.
2. **ISP**: The public IP assigned by the ISP that the end-user device is being routed though.
3. **Gateway**: The router's private IP (the router the end device is connected to.)

DEX's IP visibility supports both IPv6 and IPv4 addresses.

IP information is crucial for IT administrators to accurately troubleshoot network issues and identify user locations. IT administrators face challenges like:

- Pinpointing the exact location of a user experiencing issues ("AP 87 is bad.")
- Identifying network access control policy violations ("NAC Policies is not applied properly.")
- Troubleshooting firewall restrictions ("Firewall on VLAN 93 is blocking.")
- Resolving Layer 2 and DHCP related problems.
- Indirectly determining user identity and device location.

## View a device's IP information

To view IP information for a user device:

> 1. Log in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.

Reviewer 2: Recommend using the standard pattern for ZT UI instructions:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **My team** > **Devices**.

  order: 7
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

DEX's IP visibility gives administrators insight into three different IP types per device:

1. **Device**: The private IP address of an end-user device.
2. **ISP**: The public IP assigned by the ISP that the end-user device is being routed though.
3. **Gateway**: The router's private IP (the router the end device is connected to.)

:::note

The ISP IP is only visible to users with the [Zero Trust PII role](/cloudflare-one/roles-permissions/#cloudflare-zero-trust-pii).

:::

DEX's IP visibility supports both IPv6 and IPv4 addresses.

IP information is crucial for IT administrators to accurately troubleshoot network issues and identify user locations. IT administrators face challenges like:

- Pinpointing the exact location of a user experiencing issues ("AP 87 is bad.")
- Identifying network access control policy violations ("NAC Policies is not applied properly.")
- Troubleshooting firewall restrictions ("Firewall on VLAN 93 is blocking.")
- Resolving Layer 2 and DHCP related problems.
- Indirectly determining user identity and device location.

## View a device's IP information

To view IP information for a user device:

> 1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to My team > Devices.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **My team** > **Devices**.
```

> 2. Select **My team** > **Devices**.
> 3. Select a device > **View details** > under **Details**, scroll down to **IP details**.
> 4. Review the IP details for your selected device's most recent session.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Select a device, then select **View details**. Under **Details**, scroll down to **IP details**.
3. Review the IP details for your selected device's most recent session.
```

## View a device's IP history

DEX's IP visibility allows you to review an event log of a device's IP history for the last seven days. To view a device's IP history:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **My team** > **Devices**.
2. Select **My team** > **Devices**.
3. Select a device > **View details** > under **Details**, scroll down to **IP details**.
4. Select **View device history**.
5. View the device's IP history and status from the last seven days.

> 6. Select a time to view more information about the device at that time.

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as procedure above.
